the one that passes kids here nobody
commenting for all of you and good
welcome to the channel in a new video
we are in watch bucks good the truth
is that I have mooled a lot of white sox the
been testing half an hour more or less
a goal happens to me as it rains the mission
main and such and good as you can see
in the title today I come to bring you a
little trick, do not tell me to say this
they are bugs that good is not the same as
the gta is worth say there are many
very easy ways to get money
they also cost their time but good and
being the second day that is we can
get money in different ways you
We give to inspect to be valid and here
we can see the identity of the
people for example this earns 20,000 is
line cook we give to hack
ballet and once we loja
here we can the conversation to see it to
I take it off I do not get fashionable we go to
look for someone that we can hack
ok look these just collide here
they are here discussing the truth that
It's cool the game, let's see this one
ok says he has in his account he has
euros or dollars or whatever then
Once we have your data worth what
we have to search and we can remove
this is a one box to remove it and not
here is one for example on the map we
they come out as little cards and it's from the cashier
automatic we give you
oh perfect and good
because the information and take the money and
well we can do this
for a little while I can see that
I already have 2000
also done a couple of missions but
good doing this and you can also
go up a lot and you can lol
something has leaped from my computer and
you can improve a lot
there are things that cool a lot like
example are you walking here and from
Suddenly you wait for this guy to pass and
you do
dead civil is not my fault runs runs
run my mom I'm going to pass it on
well I can exploit this stuff
you can open railings can do
many things and nothing if you like
apart from minecraft I'm also going to upload
some trick or some goal
and some fan and some little thing that is
fun game and you think nothing that
tell me in the comments and we
we see in the next goodbye
ah
yes